Splash! Jack hit another puddle, drenching his chilled feet. Blinded by the darkness and numbed by the icy wind, he hurried towards the door of his apartment. Defeated, he clumsily unlocked it and stepped onto his battered welcome mat. The door’s screech was a brief interruption to his mundane routine as he removed his shoes and hung up his jacket.
Exhausted and hungry, Jack trudged towards his kitchen. Opening his top cupboard, he gave a sigh of relief as he still had one popcorn bag left. Placing the last of his treasure in his microwave, he murmured to himself, “Two minutes and fifteen seconds.” While waiting, he glanced at his old, cracked phone and saw his shopping list: Bread, instant noodles, crackers, cheese, and avocado—small attempts at self-care. Adding popcorn to the list, he felt a small, pleasant sense of satisfaction. BEEP! Jack snatched his dinner from the microwave and walked to his room. 
Twisting the rusty doorknob, he opened his door - or, as Jack understood it, the gateway to hell. To his immediate right, an overflowing laundry basket greeted him. On his left, a wrinkled clump of mess seemed to mock Jack, knowing he would soon have to sleep amidst it. Jack hesitated, knowing the worst had yet to come. Straight ahead, a menacing stare followed him as he fully opened his door. Opposite the TV was where the looming beast known as Jack’s couch resided. Most of the beast had been skinned. Where it hadn’t, dents and cuts occupied. All over its body, hundreds of spots and shades seeped into the beast from the countless food stains. Creeping up to him, he felt a fierce knot in his stomach grow. Although Jack knew he was moving out in only a few months, and that the mess would be dealt with by movers, the inescapable emotion he could only ever push away resurfaced. Pressured and cornered, he had no choice but to use his trump card. Jack squared his shoulders, lifted his chest, and gave his ultimate cope, “Could I start making progress towards a better life?” 
Jack huffed and admitted, “Yes”.
Lowering his shoulders, Jack whispered, “But after some time.” His voice faltered. Jack’s breath halted, his muscles softened and a light shiver pierced through him. He finished his revelation, “I will fail because I simply have no desire to do so.” Jack slowly reached into his pocket for a lighter and set it upright on his small table. Igniting the lighter, he performed his annual birthday ritual. He wouldn’t have a party, a celebration, or even a cupcake. With the rusty lighter lit, Jack made his wish out loud, “I wish for an angel.” Reliving all his past wishes that never came true, Jack gave a sad chuckle and weakly tossed his lighter, sending it across the room. Then, without a hint of hesitation, he began stuffing himself with popcorn.
As Jack shoved his last mouthful of popcorn into his stomach, he gave a big stretch. Setting the empty popcorn bag on the floor, he once again began negotiating with himself, “I’m exhausted and full; I gotta rest.” Before Jack was able to sulk in his pity thinking about his life choices, he was fast asleep on his couch.
The time was 11:59 PM. Jack, suddenly aware while sleeping, started to panic. His body began to tremble and his breathing quickened. He tried to take in his surroundings but was only left more petrified. His room was the exact same, yet it felt vastly different. Jack could not understand what was happening, “could this be a dream?” he thought to himself. “But that’s impossible, I've never had a dream!” his frontal lobe exclaimed. Terrified of the unknown, Jack closed his eyes and tried his hardest to forget the feeling that had just overcome his room. A minute passed, and Jack was more on guard than ever. Unfortunately, no guard of his would be able to shield him now. 
Without warning, a blazing light shattered into his room. The light was so blinding, Jack had to stack both his hands onto his already closed eyes. As quickly as the light had infiltrated his room, it left. Jack, frightened from head to toe, kept his hands protecting his eyes even after the light had left. Each consecutive deep breath Jack took, his nerves became softer. He warily pulled his hands out from in front of him, and opened his eyes. When Jack finally gained back his vision, he immediately leapt backwards out of shock! He could hardly believe his eyes. In front of him stood a woman smiling, who’s entire being sparkled, and whose clothes were bright white. With a light and high pitched voice, the mysterious woman panicked, “Sorry! I didn’t mean to scare you.” Despite Jack shivering with fear only moments ago, he felt calm, for the atmosphere of his room had become warm and soothing.
With a sudden burst of confidence and happiness, Jack exclaimed, “I’m not going to hell!” Before the woman could reply, Jack pondered aloud,  “Not to sound ungrateful but dying so young was sorta lame.”
“You’re not dead,” the woman chuckled. She continued, “Do not be worried about going to hell. Although, if you do, it’s probably nicer than your room.” Embarrassment quickly overtook Jack and his face turned a bright red. Not intending to make Jack uncomfortable, the woman quickly redirected the conversation. “Do not fret, for I have come here to grant you your dream. What dream do you wish to come true?” Anticipation grew in the mysterious woman, but unexpectedly, silence began to fill the room.
To end the awkwardness, Jack simply stated the truth, “I have no dreams.” 
“WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU HAVE NO DREAMS?” she exclaimed, her voice a mix of disbelief and frustration. Despite her gentle, angelic appearance, her sudden burst of anger was unexpectedly intense and imposing. Jack, initially unbothered by his own statement, began to get nervous. That fact seemed to have little effect on her as she continued in her fury, “I came here all the way from heaven, fulfilling your wish, and granting you the gift to have any possible dream, and you’re telling me you don’t have any?” 
Jack panicked, “Ok, ok, ok, please just calm down. Uhhh, ummm.” His stuttering only managed to increase her glare. All of a sudden, Jack had come up with his answer. It was clear that the woman knew as well, for she excitedly awaited with anticipation. Mustering up all his confidence, knowing another outburst could be imminent, he answered, “My dream is to have a dream.” Jack immediately drew back his body in preparation for her wrath but it hadn’t come. “My name is Noelle and I am an angel from the higher world, it is my pleasure to finally meet you.” Eager for his dream to be granted, he patiently waited. Minutes passed by as Noelle’s smile stood steadfast. Finally, she broke the silence. With a grin she began, “Oh oops, did I forget to mention the rules? For your dream to be granted you must comply with a very important condition for the next 365 days.” This revelation struck Jack. “Of course it was too good to be true,” he thought to himself. However, something deep within him managed to muster up an expression of curiosity. This was enough for Noelle, who cheerfully told him his deal: “You must do whatever your conscience tells you. However be warned, any decision or indecision made without your full convection or betraying your conscience will break our deal.”
Stung by the smell of filth, Jack awoke from his couch half awake. Ordinarily, he would have already dragged himself out of his room, but this morning was different. Jack laid on his bed staring into the ceiling for what felt like hours, pondering the night before. What was troubling Jack was not whether what had happened was real or not but rather if he was going to be able to honor the deal she offered. Up until this moment, Jack had only ever fought and pushed away his conscience. On top of that, if at any point he made a mistake the deal was over! The longer he thought the more unsure he became. Jack protested to himself, “I only gave her an answer so she wouldn’t get kicked out of heaven for making my ears fall off. It’s not like I actually wanted to have a dream.” Even with his mind set on going back to his old life, Jack was not yet ready to let the events of last night go. 
Throughout Jack's life he had never had a single dream. Now, with a chance to change that, he felt a flicker of desire. But it was a weak, fragile thing, quickly overshadowed by the weight of his uncertainty. He questioned, if his purpose was to follow his conscience, what was the purpose of his conscience? Just then, for the first time, his conscience spoke up, “HEY MORON HOW ABOUT YOU QUIT THINKING, GET OFF YOUR ASS, AND JUST TRY LISTENING TO ME!” Finally, something had cut through Jack's confusion. He was unsure about whether he was just wasting his time, but he felt he had to at least try and fulfill Noelle’s deal and find his dream. It struck him as strange that he would pursue something he had never even experienced. Yet, a sense of determination grew within him to uphold his end of the deal. Without another thought, he leapt out of bed, beginning his first attempt at a new life.
