Perfectionism. A swift blade which cuts through both creativity and progress. Yet, it’s only through the mischaracterization of its true meaning where the demise of its believers takes place.

What other meaning? Perfection is perfection right? A fisher’s perfect day may consist of catching an undiscovered fish whose flavour permeates through their entire body. Is that perfection? To you it may not be, but that fisher just experienced their perfection. Now this imaginary fisher might have some low standards but regardless he illustrates how perfection is relative.

For some this notion may feel ridiculous. Surely perfection would be perfect in every infinite facet. Some say God is perfection. Meh. God seems rather boring. I cannot deny the possible existence of some omniperfect force but I can say for certain that perfection can be whatever you decide it to be.

Wow all these paragraphs for such a simple sentence? Seriously? Anyways, “what should perfection look like?” is what I am hoping you are now thinking. Congratulations! You are now at the substance of this writing - if there is any.

I want to be clear that I am now talking about self-perfection. Perfection that relies on the world around you changing is awesome and by all means valid. However, self-perfection is what most people can apply. Self-perfection should be attainable without settling for anything less than perfection. Attainable perfection? As if.

Yes, everyone makes mistakes. But making mistakes is part of perfection. If you’re in disagreement, try and think of someone who has never made a mistake ever. Would they be an enjoyable person to be around? Would you be able to relate to them? Would you be inspired by them? Maybe you would be. If so, keep it to yourself because that goes against the rest of my writing. So then what is self-perfection? Well unfortunately that is up to you - self is in the name after all! But don’t worry I won’t leave you hanging.

Try and imagine what your perfect self would look like. But still focus on it being attainable, yet remaining perfect. How? Here is a simple calculation. If given infinite many years to live, would you be able to achieve it? If yes, then it is attainable.

It does not matter whether or not you believe you will achieve this state of perfection during your lifetime. Instead, it is to understand that the only way to reach perfection is to try and believe you can achieve it everyday. But please be very cautious with that sentence. Working towards perfection requires mistakes, rest and fun. A state of perfection without these seems not very perfect to me. That said, not all mistakes are part of perfection. For me, as long as the mistake was pure of heart and I seek to correct it, it remains a part of perfection. The line is a tricky one, but it must be one that never gets crossed. Remember, settling is no option whatsoever.

Whether this resonates with you or is of importance may be unknown. But what is certain is that these words mean much to me and yet I will never talk about this in real life because I hate philosophy. You probably just wasted around 5 minutes of your day. Sorry not sorry.
