I had gotten out of bed like it was any other day. I got dressed, used the bathroom, and ate breakfast. But before I could disappear into my room, I heard my mom's cheerful voice approaching. Unfazed by my blank expression, she called out, “Happy Birthday, Milad! You are now an adult!”
However, after studying my face, her excitement faded into disapproval. “It’s always the squinted eyes with you. How can you not be enthusiastic? This only happens once a year.”
I wanted to tell her it was because this day was just like any other, but to avoid an argument I instead murmured, “Well it seems like you have enough enthusiasm for the both of us.” I noticed her looking in the fridge and quickly seized the opportunity. Slipping silently up the stairs, I reached my room before she realized I was gone.
A hint of guilt surfaced, but I brushed it aside. I had work to do. I was always aware that most people my age spent their free time going out with friends. However, I was never able to find anyone I liked, so instead I dedicated my time to something unusual. Every chance I got, I would practice holding my breath, trying to increase my stamina each time.
Since it was early in the morning, I was hopeful of breaking my three-minute record. I began with four normal deep breaths. I then took one huge gasp of air, plugged my nose and shut my mouth. At the start, it felt the same as always. The room around me would slightly wobble, and my brain would begin to panic. Expecting this, I used my willpower as an impenetrable wall between my thoughts and actions. 
This strategy would usually hold up my body for two and a half minutes, but today I was determined to push past my limits. I clenched my fist tightly and propelled it as fast as I could toward my leg. I felt an initial surge of pain, immediately after, my mind had returned to its sharpened state, as if I had only just begun holding my breath. Time started moving faster, and before I knew it, I was past my record. 
I felt on top of the world! But slowly, each second took longer and longer to arrive. My mind had become hazy and the world around me started to dim. I tried clenching my fist, but my body would not budge an inch. Before I could come up with a new strategy, everything around me slipped into darkness.
My sense of smell was the first to return to me. Yet, instead of the familiar scent of my room, I was met with the strong, lingering smell of candles that had just been blown out.
